and i just want to say this might be
comical to you
you know you can't you can't look away
and that's what essentially
breasts do to people you look at them
all they are doing
is reinventing the stupidity of
peta from 20 years ago step by step
they're catching up with the same
lame methods the same non-functional
techniques that peda use
and they're going to get the same
non-results
you might watch this and start to feel
uncomfortable or cringe
i'm nervous like the adrenaline is
starting to
rise up it's now like the frigid in the
air you know
me and my friends like we really want
our bodies obviously to be honored but
also our minds and our spirits
and we don't want to just have these
like casual playings of people and even
if we do like we want to actually also
be able to have a conversation
and enjoy the company of the person who
you may be hooking up with casually
maybe you could tell me a little about
this action today what's the kind of the
purpose of it
so the female body is censored a lot of
the time
and breasts are sexualized and they're
not seen as a
natural and accepted
thing to view in public so what we're
doing today is seeing whether we're
going to get
censored or not and so when these guys
are sliding into their messages and
stuff just asking for nudes or not
wanting to talk unless it's sexual
it's funny just watching them kind of
like curve all of them
or just be like yeah i'm looking for
actual human interaction and
conversation along with all this so
if that's not you right now then i'm not
gonna waste my time
so what we're doing today is
is it is being very very obvious
you know you can't you can't look away
and that's what essentially
breasts do to people you look at them a
lot of people
are trying to navigate that right now a
lot of people are horny alone
their apartments are stuck with their
families and they're like
um i was like that for sure the first
two weeks and then i realized how happy
i am not having any distractions
male or female when i've been doing a
lot of work with
my own sexual energy um i've been
spending all this time alone i haven't
been obsessing over
another person or another thing i've
really been giving my energy to the
present moment
we're not censoring our nipples here
this is our body there's a vulnerability
and a power there at the same time so
the power
is in doing something that's
unacceptable perhaps or
unexpected or against the status quo but
the vulnerability here is
us in our skin lay there even just
reading like
i read all the books that i want to read
now and it's really interesting to just
kind of ask yourself
what what does my mind spend the most
time focusing on
and i think that relationships can be
something that's really
distracting you know love like seeking
it or recovering from
bad heartbreak or just even being
horny like all these things can really
take up a lot of space in our brains if
you're very rich you might escape for
you know
10 20 years perhaps
it could be less when the food shortages
begin and the water shortages begin and
the wars increase and the social order
just disappears
so yeah we're all vulnerable we're all
laid there we're all naked in the in the
face of this
clear and present danger that most
people
won't look at they don't have the
courage and i just want to say
this might be comical to you you might
watch this and start to feel
uncomfortable
or cringe but the more that i did it the
easier it got and it was just like the
fear
getting in the way and that's why i was
kind of like cringing at myself so if
you are cringing at this
try it do exactly what i'm doing and
liberate yourself like get past that
wall
the year is 1989.
i walk into a movie studio with a pitch
an idea for a new science fiction movie
say imagine this it's the future it's
the year 2020.
and people live under this bizarre
political regime
that they think of as a democracy
but in fact the only people
whose political opinions matter the
leaders of our society
the activists the intellectuals the
dissidents
are selected not on the basis of their
intelligence
not on the basis of their education on
the basis
of who is most sexually attractive it's
a dystopian
science fiction future society and the
guy i'm pitching to his sister says
okay okay so i'm seeing this like they
have a series of beauty pageants
like these men and women they they stand
forward to be judged and like you know
what they're so like instead of running
for election in congress or something
there's actually like you know a
competition
for who's the most beautiful who's the
most handsome no no that's that's the
part you don't get
it's decentralized millions of people
sitting in their living rooms whipping
out
these mobile computer devices while
they're lifting weights at the gym
millions of people everywhere with
millions of little mouse clicks
and selections with their thumbs on
electronic devices
they decide who's the most handsome
they decide who's the most beautiful
who's the most sexually attractive
they decide who will be listened to who
will be the leaders
of political movements whose opinion
matters
and yet here we are in the year 2020
and the other metric the other
thing people must measure up to
to make their opinions count in politics
is to have the shamelessness to step
forward
and display their body draw attention to
themselves
and make clear their political moral
religious purpose
to attract this fallen to themselves the
last time i addressed this in a youtube
video
the example was rachel ziegler
you're going to find her on instagram as
racheldxe she uh
she made her claim to fame by getting on
stage with bernie sanders
naked we covered that we discussed the
politics of that in some
depth and today she has 2
900 followers on instagram
that may not sound like a lot to you
millions of people lived their whole
lives wishing
they had 2 900 admirers oh yeah um
you can take a look at uh hitomi
tomi mochizuki here she has a quarter of
a million
on instagram actually a small number
compared to the number of people who
watch her youtube videos strangely she's
got a huge platform she's got a huge
audience
she's got people to pay her just to
listen to her
meditation instructions she's in some
ways a kind of ethical
and religious leader all on the basis
of her physical beauty
is it possible to be a good person
who benefits by being a part of a bad
system
would you want to be respected would you
want to be renowned
would you want to be an important leader
in a political
movement because of the size of your
boobs
the demonstration that
i featured in the intro to this video
from extinction rebellion
think about how the women were selected
to be a part of this
nude demonstration think about how they
took on
a leadership role were they selected
because they were the most highly
educated
the most erudite even the best at public
speaking were they chosen because
they've read aristotle
were they chosen because of their
scientific understanding of
climate change and ecology no
they were chosen because their physical
appearance in this case
most definitely including the size of
their breasts
and their boldness their willingness to
live up to that
other metric their willingness to bear
their breasts
in pursuit of this kind of social media
fame
and in the name of a particular
political cause money
fame power respect
sex these are the powerful motives
shaping human behavior in politics
in our private lives in the economic
sphere but yes yes y'all especially here
on social media especially on the
internet let me go through that list one
more time for you
money fame power
respect sex
not necessarily in that order for some
people
sex is the top priority for some people
it's money or the fame
you can shuffle that deck of cards and
each time have a different one come up
on top this is not about saving the
planet
this is not about lobbying government
for political reform
this is not about promoting the health
benefits of a vegan diet
this is not about educating people doing
educational outreach so that they
understand
the unbelievable suffering that the
dairy industry creates that the fur
industry creates
the unbelievable suffering that's
required just to put meat on their plate
no nope this is about
money fame power
respect sex and you know what this
headline
fails to convey to you this whole
article fails to convey you there were
actually
four protesters that ran the stage four
but three of them didn't get naked who's
this woman
who's this muslim fundamentalist woman
she looks like she's at least a hundred
pounds overweight
i guess she's a muslim fundamentalist
vegan protester why isn't she getting
naked
why is it only this girl look we gotta
talk about the politics of beauty and
body image rolled into this too priya
is the first one to run the stage fully
clothed
well if you actually believe that
getting naked would save the animals
what
this muslim woman she doesn't care
enough to show us her 100 pound
overweight
middle aged or elderly body i can't
really guess her age
is it only young conventionally
attractive people who are going to get
naked
to save the planet is there some reason
why is it actually about
being sexually attractive is that the
point of this is it supposed to be an
erotic
display and what about this girl this
girl just participated in the protest
but decided
nope i'm not showing my body
if you look i can't say that she's
wearing pants
she's not wearing trousers she doesn't
have any pockets there for her house
keys or her wallet
i mean you know she is as close to naked
as can possibly be
she's wearing some kind of skin tight
yoga pants you know i i can't call those
pants at all
that's some kind of some kind of long
underwear
she's got on there to add to the
revealing or erotic effect i guess
of her being as nude as possible and
again it's not the middle aged people
it's not
the educated people it's not the natural
leaders
of the vegan movement who are taking on
this role of course
no i mean what's what's the next step
for this guys
what is the future of veganism this
group
direct action everywhere they they
initialize their name as dxe direct
action everywhere
they came onto the scene promising that
they had something
profoundly fundamentally better to offer
than any other animal rights movement in
the past
and all they are doing is reinventing
the stupidity of peta
from 20 years ago step by step they're
catching up with
the same lame methods
the same non-functional techniques that
peta used
and they're going to get the same
non-results
but the one thing they will get is the
one thing they
really want money
fame power respect
sex all these people are on an ego trip
and i'm sure if you could travel back in
time to 1992
there were a whole lot of people in that
organization petta
people for the ethical treatment of
animals were on the same ego trip
reinventing the wheel but it's a broken
wheel
and it's going to roll down the same
hill with the same results